# Hackseq Committee Meeting - 26th September 2017
Location: Smith Room, Genome Sciences Centre | Attending: Lauren, Dan, Celia, Arjun, Jasleen | Regrets: Jake

## General updates   
### Participant assignment  
Participants were assigned to different teams with the following criteria (in decreasing order of preference):  

i) Participants' listed 1st preference  
ii) Participant skill level (with the aim to have a balanced team composition)  
iii) Participants' listed 2nd and 3rd preference  

A few participants with mistakenly listed 'local participant' preference were identified. Followed up with them to confirm they are actually participating virtually.  

### Other discussion items  
- Should we send out a call for volunteers to help on-site during the hackathon? (consensus yes....).  
- Should we consider having more 'swag' to give to participants and team leads, as it looks like we have the budget to do so. T-shirts perhaps?  
- Childcare: So far only 1 participant will need this. Lauren will follow up.  
- Lauren followed up with AWS and they said given the large number of applications, they won't be making a decision until the end of September.  
- Thursday social with the bioinformatics outreach event seems unlikely. Therefore, we will consider having our own social with incentives (free food?).  

### To-Dos for next week  
*Jasleen*  
- Email team leads with the participant composition (first reach out to 'over-assigned' teams).  
- Once this is confirmed, let Arjun and Celia know so they can notify participants.  
- Managing virtual participants: Verify if the smaller rooms that we have booked at the LSI have videolinking.  
- Set up Github topic about what volunteers did last year / follow up with last year's organizers. **Done, updated**.  
- Organize Thursday Social (max budget $800).  
- Confirm UBC IT and UBC Security.  

*Arjun*  
- Follow up on the t-shirts for participants in Hackseq.  
- Look after the participant acceptance notifications (teams 6 to 9).  

*Celia*  
- Look after the participatn acceptance notifications (team 1 to 5).  

*Lauren*  
- Follow up on childcare.  

### Additional tabled discussion items  
- Update on the food/lunch sponsorships?  
- Update on the coffee sponsorships?  
- Update on Facebook page and outreach  

**THE NEXT MEETING WILL BE ON OCTOBER 5TH, 2017 | THURSDAY**    

