# Hackseq Committee Meeting - 13th June, 2017
Location: Smith Room, Genome Sciences Centre | Attending: Jake, Lauren, Dan, Celia, Jasleen & Arjun | Regrets: NA

### Sponsorship updates (Jake and Dan)   
- ECOSCOPE added as Gigabase sponsor  
- Need to ask for update about sponsorship from Github. @jlever said he will follow up.  
- Canadian Bioinformatics Workshop confirmed as sponsor.  
- No update from SBN regarding sponsorship yet.  
- Need to reach out to IDT contacts.  

### Projects update (Celia)  
- Perhaps send emails to other interested people (the maybes).  
- Doodle voting to rank/select projects? Lauren said she will set up the doodle vote. Everyone must respond by Monday.  

### Micro-hackathons (Jasleen)  
- This was mentioned in the previous organization group by Artem.  
- A pre-hackseq meeting or meet & greet was considered.   
- Tabled for future discussion, closer to the Hackseq event.  

### Participant Recruitment Form   
- After joint discussion it was determined that the form should contain the following information, besides the contact information of participants:   
	- Ranking of the team projects  
	- If childcare services are required  
	- Research interests (keywords?)  
	- Skillsets checkbox (start Github issue to enumerate these, perhaps?)  
	- If they will be able to attend all 3 days   
	- Checkbox for virtual participation option  
- After team leads are finalized, we must:  
	- Send the notifications for acceptance or rejection to the team leads  
	- Add links to each issue/project on the website @jgrewal  
	- Send emails to GSAT, IOP, BIOF, OHSU (Oregon), Victoria, SFU MBB, UBC CS, SFU CS mailing lists. @abaghela  
- Discussion on opening applications:  
	- Last year they opened on 24th June  
	- Our tentative timeline: Finalize projects by June 19th, Monday. Send out emails to the team leads by June 23rd (Friday). Revisions to projects will be accepted till end of June. Participation signup can being in July.  
	- @jgrewal will set up the form already  

### Westgrid and AWS update (Lauren)  
- AWS Application is due by June 30th. Lauren will take care of it.   
- Westgrid: Jamie said he will talk to Scot t Baker as they're way better suited for figuring out the logistics of what we need.  

### UBC Internet (Jasleen)  
- Last year ethernet did not work.  
- @jgrewal will follow up on what needs to be done to get ethernet and wifi access from UBC IT Services.  

 
