# Hackseq Committee Meeting - 16th October 2017
Location: Smith Room, Genome Sciences Centre | Attending: Lauren, Celia, Jake, Jasleen, Dan, Arjun

## Action Items for before Hackseq
- **Lauren** will investigate a cooler for milk & yoghurts (if we get them as snacks)
- **Lauren** & **Jake** will make the Hackseq sign at the CRC (potentially after watching Thor)
- **Jasleen** will follow up with NEB about payment.
- **Jasleen** will bring kettle for tea (in case Starbucks hot water doesn't work out)
- **Lauren** will check the name of the ORCA initiative that is providing the compute capabilities
- **Lauren** will make sure that there are team-based accounts so that the organisers can log in and help if needed
- **Jasleen** will extend the lecture theatre (LSC3) to 6pm on Sunday
- **Arjun**, **Lauren** & **Jasleen** will figure out Costco run and will try to get things for volunteers/team leads from there
- **Lauren** will contact Vienna & Laura about volunteering
- **Lauren** will make channel for virtual participants and for technical support
- **Jake** will check F1000 costs
- **Jake** will send Git workshop Doodle link to Jasleen so that she can put it on the website
- **Jake** will make decision on Wednesday night about whether Git workshop goes ahead
- **Everyone** will check the duties that they agreed to for the actual event

### Action Items for during Hackseq
- **The Team** will be figure out the voting system during the event
- **Jake** & **Jasleen** will figure out questions for the virtual participant survey (that will be there each day) before the end of Friday
- **The Team** will discuss our own F1000 paper

## Minutes

### Action Items Update from Last Meeting
- Lauren followed up with Amazon and they still haven't made a decision
- Lauren has been working with ORCA people
  - Will be one account per person
  - Teams should be able to install things they need over the weekend
- Jasleen has got a social confirmed at Mahoney's at 6pm for 40 people (appetisers and pitchers of beer)
- Lauren sent email for volunteers, got 3 so far
- Lunches
  - Jake confirms 69 burritos (mix of fillings) + 1 burrito bowl from Chipotle. Needs to be picked up at 11:30am on Friday
  - Dan confirms 40 pizzas from Chipotle. One is glutten free. 11:45am delivery. Will provide plates and napkins
  - Arjun confirms lunch from Calhoun's. They will deliver between 11:30am and 12pm
  - Lauren worked with Jake, Dan and Arjun for dietary restrictions. All is sorted
- Jake has got 5 gallons of coffee booked per day and 5 gallons of hot water
  - Lauren will investigate a cooler for milk & yoghurts (if we get them as snacks)
  - Jasleen will bring kettle for tea (in case Starbucks hot water doesn't work out)
- Celia sent out email to participants and team leads about schedule, Git workshop, food & social
  - The schedule and Git workshop details were ironed out by all
- Arjun says that we can use debit or credit cards. Just remember to get the itemised receipt, not just the card receipt!
- Lauren checked with in with the one team lead who needs childcare. He's dealing with it and will provide receipt
- Jake contacted team leads with ideas for virtual participant management
- Arjun has sorted out the order for strickers
- Jake found one volunteer to help out with the Git seminar
- Jake talked to Santina
  - Jake & Lauren will make the Hackseq sign at the CRC (potentially after watching Thor)
- Arjun talked to his Ubyssey contact and they've put out a request for their reporters to cover Hackseq
- Jake contacted one sponsor about payment.
  - Jasleen will follow up with NEB about payment
- Jasleen did the VanBUG announcement for volunteers

### ECOSCOPE sponsorship
- Jake & Jasleen met with ECOSCOPE organiser
- They are sponsoring us financially
- Will also provide banner and swag
- Steven Hallam may give short speech at opening or closing

### Things to talk about during the opening
- Thanks sponsors
- Thank ORCA a lot
- Introduce organisers
  - Point out that Lauren is the contact for technical issues
  - If someone hasn't provided their Github ID or isn't on Slack, please email us
- Go over schedule
  - Suggest use the morning to plan out their project
  - Mention formal & informal socials
- Media release
- Talk about F1000 papers
  - Each team needs to nominate a writer
  - Writers meeting at 3pm today
- Surveys
  - Team and participants after the event
  - Virtual participants after each day

### ORCA
- Lauren will check the name of the ORCA initiative that is providing the compute capabilities
- Lauren will make sure that there are team-based accounts so that the organisers can log in and help if needed
  - Also for additional participants if needed
  
### New participants
- Lauren and Jake will add Shing to Team 4 (Slack, Github & ORCA)
- Lauren will check that Adriana is on ORCA list
- Celia will email Shing with the schedule, Git, food & social email

### Voting system
- The whole team will be figure out the voting system during the event

### Other
- Jake suggests that we get different colour name stickers for the organisers
- Jasleen will be away on Sunday
- Arjun may be away part of Sunday afternoon
- Jasleen will extend the lecture theatre (LSC3) to 6pm on Sunday
- Arjun, Lauren & Jasleen will figure out Costco run and will try to get things for volunteers/team leads from there
- The questions for the final survey can be decided during or after Hackseq
- Jake & Jasleen will figure out questions for the virtual participant survey (that will be there each day) before the end of Friday
- Lauren will contact Vienna & Laura about volunteering
- Lauren will make channel for virtual participants and for technical support
- Jake will check F1000 costs
- The team will discuss our own F1000 paper
- Jake will send Git workshop Doodle link to Jasleen so that she can put it on the website

### Video
- The opening speech will be streamed to the virtual participants
- The final presentations will also be streamed
 
### Git workshop
- Jake and Jasleen agree that if less than 5 people sign up to be there, we will cancel it and move it to during the hackathon
- Jake will make decision on Wednesday night about whether Git workshop goes ahead

### Roles/duties during Hackseq
- Lauren - Tech support
- Arjun - Media
- Jasleen - General issues, room bookings & social
- Everyone - Slack
- Jake - Opening address
- Jake, Dan & Arjun - Respective Lunches
- Jake - Coffee
- Arjun - Breakfast
- Celia, Jasleen & Lauren - Registration on Friday
- Arjun & Jake - Virtual opening
