# Hackseq Committee Meeting - 10th October 2017
Location: Smith Room, Genome Sciences Centre | Attending: Lauren, Celia, Jake, Jasleen, Dan, Arjun

## Action Items
- **Lauren** will contact Amazon about credits
- **Lauren** will finalise software requirements for ORCA with team leads
- **Jasleen** will find venue for social event
- **Lauren** will email mailing list and bioinformatics department for volunteers
- **Jake** will confirm number of burritos from Chipotle for Friday
- **Dan** will talk to Panago for lunch on Saturday (about 40 large boxes, expected around $700)
- **Arjun** will sort out lunch for Sunday (potentially sandwichs from Calhouns catering)
- **Lauren** will deal with dietary-restricted lunchs and check with team leads if any of them have dietary restrictions
- **Jake** will sort out the coffee order from the Starbucks on campus and will check for tea options from them.
- **Celia** will be sending out an email to all participants (requires coordinate with Jake + Jasleen (for Git workshop) and Lauren & Arjun for schedule)
- **Jake** and **Jasleen** will coordinate with Celia to get the details for Git seminar in the next email to participants
- **Lauren** and **Arjun** will write schedule up and coordinate with Celia to get the schedule in the next email to participants
- **Lauren** will check in with Shaun for childcare options for him
- **Arjun** to check about the use of debit or credit cards for expenses
- **Jake** will write a short blurb to give team leads an idea of how they should manage their virtual participants
- **Arjun** will talk to Artem about sticker designs and organise getting them printed
- **Jake** will talk to Santina about the big hackseq design
- **Jake** will track down a few other mentors for Git seminar
- **Arjun** will talk to Ubyssey contact
- **Jasleen** will talk to photographer
- **Jake** will check in with sponsors who haven't transferred funds
- **Jasleen** will make announcement at VanBUG for volunteers. Will need to contact Will or someone else at VanBUG.

## Items for during/just before hackseq
- Arjun, Jasleen + friend will do a Costco run on the Thursday night for food & stationary.
- Jake will manage a daily survey for virtual participants to get immediate feedback
- Jake will run Git workshop
- Lauren can help mentor Git workshop

## Minutes

### Reports on Action Items from last meeting
- Celia has sent out email reminders about Github IDs and about Slack
- Jake will likely use Google Hangouts to webcast the Git seminar
- Lauren has been managing Slack and added all those who have accepted the invite so far to the relevant channel
- Lauren has been in contact with ORCA personnel
  - Going to get software confirmations from team leads
- Lauren has not yet contacted Amazon
- Jasleen will talk to AMS to book room for Git seminar by tomorrow
  - Jake will coordinate with Celia to get the details for this in the next email to participants
- Jasleen has been in contact with Gallery about social
  - They can't do Friday
  - She will contact them about Saturday and Mahony's & Koerner's about Friday or Saturday
- Writing the schedule
  - Arjun & Lauren will get this sorted
- Internet options
  - Jasleen has confirmed only Wifi is needed
- Volunteer recruitment
  - Lauren will email mailing list and bioinformatics department for volunteers
  
### Email to participants
  - Celia will be sending out an email to all participants with the following information
    - Git seminar information (coordinate with Jake & Jasleen)
    - Schedule (coordinate with Arjun & Lauren)
    - Bring their own mugs/travel mugs or water bottles!
  
### VanBUG
  - Jasleen will make announcement for volunteers at this weeks event
  
### Food
  - Jake will confirm number of burritos from Chipotle for Friday
  - Dan will talk to Panago for lunch on Saturday (about 40 large boxes, expected around $700)
  - Arjun will sort out lunch for Sunday (potentially sandwichs from Calhouns catering)
  - Lauren will deal with dietary-restricted lunchs and check with team leads if any of them have dietary restrictions
  - Jake will sort out the coffee order from the Starbucks on campus and will check for tea options from them.
  - Arjun, Jasleen + friend will do a Costco run on the Thursday night. The food will be stored at Arjun's. They will get breakfast + snack items, for example:
    - Muffins
    - Pastries
    - Assorted Teas
    - Fruit
    - Veggie Trays
    - Soft drinks
    
### Stationary
  - Arjun & Jasleen will also get the following during the Costco run (or Staples run if need be)
    - Sharpies
    - Name-tags
    - Flipcharts
  
### Child-care
  - Lauren will check in with Shaun for childcare options for him

### Finances
  - Arjun to check about the use of debit or credit cards for expenses
  
### Swag
  - We need to remember the RStudio swag
  - Arjun has 4x ECOSCOPE t-shirts too
  
### ECOSCOPE meeting
  - Jake and Jasleen will be meeting the ECOSCOPE coordinator to discuss financial sponsorship on Friday
  
### Virtual participants
  - Jake will write a short blurb to give team leads an idea of how they should manage their virtual participants
  - Blurb will include the suggestion to focus on the game-plan for Friday morning (with emphasis on writing, achievable goals and stretch goals)
  - Jake will manage a daily survey for virtual participants to get immediate feedback to keep them engaged (and provide feedback back to team leads)

### Branding
  - Arjun will talk to Artem about sticker designs and organise getting them printed
  - Jake will talk to Santina about the big hackseq design

### Git seminar
  - Lauren can help mentor
  - Jake will track down a few other mentors
  - A Doodle (or equivalent) will go out in the email to get a better estimate of numbers
  
### Media
  - Arjun will talk to Ubyssey contact
  - Jasleen will talk to photographer
  
### Future of hackseq
  - Jake mentioned idea of another hackseq-branded hackathon. Response was positive but decision will be made after hackseq.
  
### Next meeting
  - Monday October 16th at 6:30pm at the GSC
