# Hackseq Committee Meeting - 26th September 2017
Location: Smith Room, Genome Sciences Centre | Attending: Lauren, Celia, Jake, Jasleen | Regrets: Dan, Arjun

## Action Items
- **Celia** will follow up with participants that haven't provided Github info yet (and tell them that they're going to be added to Slack)
- **Jake** will take care of Github assignments
- **Jake** will look into webcasting it for virtual participants
- **Jake** will confirm next meeting with all
- **Lauren** will handle Slack invitations and channel creation for teams
- **Lauren** will email Amazon again & contact Scott Baker
- **Jasleen** will book a room in the UBC Student Nest for October 19th at 6:30pm.
- **Jasleen** to coordinate with the Gallery staff
- **Jasleen** will confirm pricing for Wifi & ethernet access
- **Jasleen** will write draft and send around organisers
- **Jasleen** has been in contact with all but one team lead. She will follow up with him
- **Jasleen** will do an announcement at the next VanBUG

## Minutes

### Participation
- Jasleen has contacted team leads to keep them information of participant allocation
- Celia & Arjun have contacted participants with allocation and requested Github IDs
- 1 person has dropped out so far
- Celia will follow up with participants that haven't provided Github info yet (and tell them that they're going to be added to Slack)
- Jake will take care of Github assignments
- Lauren will handle Slack invitations and channel creation for teams

### T-Shirts
- After looking at the budget, it seems likely that we can't really afford t-shirts

### Team Leads
- Jasleen has been in contact with all but one team lead. She will follow up with him

### Git seminar
- Jasleen will book a room in the UBC Student Nest for October 19th at 6:30pm.
- Jake will teach it using the Software Carpentry materials
- Once the room is booked, a further signup email will be sent out to participants
- Jake will look into webcasting it for virtual participants

### Social
- Will likely happen on the Friday (first night of Hackseq) at the Gallery
- Jasleen to coordinate with the Gallery staff

### IT & Security
- Jasleen has been in contact for this
- She will confirm pricing for Wifi & ethernet access
- Security will be needed on the weekend, provisionally 8am til 5pm on Saturday and 8am til 6pm on Sunday

### Food
- We have lunch sorted for one day (Chipotle) but this is an outstanding issue
- Will discuss more at next weeting

### Schedule for participants
- Jasleen will write draft and send around organisers

### Volunteer Recruitment
- Potentially email existing hackseq email list and bioinformatics department mailing list
- Confirm who is doing this at next meeting
- Jasleen will do an announcement at the next VanBUG

### ORCA
- Lauren will email Amazon again & contact Scott Baker

### Next Meeting
- Provisionally for Tuesday 10th at 6:30pm
- Will talk more about ORCA
- Also talk about possible future of Hackseq
