# Hackseq Committee Meeting - 14th August 2017
Location: Smith Room, Genome Sciences Centre | Attending: Jake, Lauren, Dan, Jasleen & Arjun

### Jake
- Gave update on sponsorship. One new sponsor (NumFOCUS) as of thirty minutes before the meeting. Has been working on getting the money from sponsors and Arjun has been in contact with SCWIST for this purpose.
- NumFOCUS requires a Code of Conduct (Dan agrees to get this sorted) and a short write-up for a blog post after the event
- He is away at the NIH until late September so won't be at the next meeting
- Will create a Doodle for next meeting however (likely first week of September). Also discussed that the meeting will likely become more regular after that one (as we ramp up to the event).

### Dan
- Has been in contact with Google Cloud contact for sponsorship and will continue with a phone call.
- Jasleen wonders about using Google Hangouts for premeetings between the team members

### Lauren
- AWS application will likely come back end of August or start of September
- Westgrid & ORCA seem confident about providing compute. Both contacts are on vacation at the moment
- She will be out of town September 2nd to 10th.

### Jasleen
- Suggests reaching out to AMS for money (Jake will look into)
- It will cost $350 for Wifi with a custom SSID at the LSI
- We will negotiate for internet ports at the LSI given issues last year
- Needs to confirm security requirements for the LSI as it's a weekend and security would need to open up and close the building.
- Atrium booking isn't yet confirmed but confident.
- Suggests contacting ECOSCOPE for sponsorship (Jake will do this)

### Participant Recruitment
- Jasleen has done a prototype signup page (though there were some issues accessing it for others)
- We had a discussion about what questions to put on there. We want enough information to help assigning people to popular projects (or projects that need specific skills). But not too much that it scares people away.
- Jake suggested we add in a question about documenting the project, and a short blurb about being open to different skill-sets.
- Arjun will start mailing out the participant recruitment link when ready.
  - He will contact community partners (Jake will provide emails)
  - He will also advertise on our social media platforms
- Lauren will email our own mailing list
- Deadline agreed for participant recruitment of Sept 22nd

### Arjun
- Discussion about possible collaboration with Lumohacks. Lovely idea of a project that bridges across the two hackathons
- Lauren agrees to reach out to someone who could potentially lead a project in both hackathons

### Food
- Discussion on sponsorship for food (as it is one of the largest costs of hackseq)
- Jasleen will contact Starbucks & Tim Horton's on campus
- Jake will start emailing places
- Eric Zhao wanders by and is brought into the meeting. He suggests the EEF? fund at UBC. Or perhaps the Walter Gage fund if it still exists.
