# Hackseq Committee Meeting - 9th May 2017
Location: 5th Floor Boardroom, Genome Sciences Centre | Attending: Jake, Jasleen, Celia, Lauren & Arjun (by phone)

### Team Leader Recruitment (Celia & Lauren)
Celia has been emailing a lot of prospective team leaers. Roughly 6 people are interested with 2 maybes. Lauren sent 15 emails to professors from local universities. Two responses with one maybe.

The website will need to be updated. Celia will send details to Jasleen for update.

### Jasleen

GrasPods are confirmed as a community partner. She will contact ECOSCOPE, likely at their May 25th event. This may coincide with the SBN research day.

She will update the website with team leader recruitment info and clean up the form to join the mailing list (for potential participants). We also discussed a system to migrate information about hackseq 16 off the website. There is a 20 page limit on the hosting. It was suggested to move it onto Github, potentially as a github.io page.

She is still waiting for confirmation of the east atrium venue from ECOSCOPE.

### Arjun

Arjun has sent emails to university departments (UBC/SFU/UWash/UVic) to advertise for student interest. Not much response so far.

### Lauren

She plans to email last year's hackseq participants to see if there is interest for team leaders. She's also been working on compute infrastructure. WestGrid are in talks with the ORCA team (at the GSC) and that will likely be the primary compute infrastructure. She still plans to apply for AWS credits.

She also found out about the child care system from last year. It will depend on the number that require it whether we use the UBC child care or organise a private carer.

### Jake

VanBUG is confirmed as a community partner (through contact with Will Hsiao). The last VanBUG event of the year is this Thursday. Jake agrees to make an announcement at the event about team leader and participant recruitment.

NCBI is also confirmed as a community partner (thanks to Ben Busby). The Canadian Bioinformatics Workshops (bioinformatics.ca) has also been contacted and seems promising to sponsor the event. Emails have started going out to various companies requesting sponsorship.

Another event that we could advertise at is the SBN research day (http://thesbn.ca/Events/2016-17/poster-competition-2017). We had talked about trying to partner with them, possibly to host one of the socials. Jasleen agrees to make contact with them and see what relationship we can build with them. It is also noted that AWS sponsored one of the socials last year.

There is a short discussion about contact with SCWIST. Arjun agrees to follow up with Dan and figure out best way to contact SCWIST.

A further event for advertising is the BC Cancer Research & GrasPods research day. Jasleen agrees to bring this up at next Graspods day for potential announcement during the event (like the VanBUG announcement).

Jake also sat down with Adriana to talk about sponsorship plans. She gave contact details for a few people and gave valuable information about which organisations may not be that interested this year.

There is also a potential contact through Bruno Grande who may be interested in sponsoring event. Jake and Dan will follow up.

Another sponsor idea is to contact the AMS as they could sponsor food or drinks at the Gallery 2.0. Jake agrees to follow up.
