# Hackseq Committee Meeting - 20th July 2017
Location: Smith Room, Genome Sciences Centre | Attending: Jake, Lauren & Dan

### Fundraising
Jake reports that fundraising is going well with sponsorship confirmed from Canadian Bioinformatics Workshops, ACM-W, MSFHR and most recently GenomeBC. Invoicing is proceeding for those organisations as well as coordinating any specific requests from them. More requests for funding will go out.

He notes that given the current funding trajectory it is unlikely that the budget would have enough for travel scholarships. This decision will be confirmed before participant recruitment starts.

Jake will be away from 19th August to 26th September.

### Next step of recruitment
Lauren plans to confirm what the status is for communications with team leads. Projects need to be confirmed before participant recruitment can start.

### Compute resources
Lauren has sent off the request for AWS for credits and will follow up again with Westgrid/ORCA people about status of that.

### Artem's ideas
Artem also talked to Lauren about a few interesting ideas. Firstly, it may be worthwhile to see if AWS would make the credits recurring, so that we don't need to reapply every year. Also, Hackseq could potentially register as an AMS society (at UBC) for accounting benefits. Both ideas would potentially have to wait until next year's hackseq.

Artem is also working on new sticker design for hackseq. Lauren said that she would make a Github issue for discussion on this.

### Next Meeting
The next meeting will be scheduled for the second week of August.
