# Minutes from the March 14th meeting at the GSC

Attending: Dan, Jake, Celia, Jasleen, Arjun, Lauren and Vienna

## Planned Absences
- Laura will be away for 5 months during the summer
- Jake will be away from mid-August to mid-September
- Vienna will be busy until the summer

## Venue
Jasleen has checked with ECOSCOPE and there are two required forms for the LSI venue. They seem happy to host HackSeq again. She wants to confirm the required documents with Adriana.

## Website
Jasleen has worked with Artem to get handover of all required login details for website and social media accounts. Discussion about whether the webmaster should handle the social media or whether it should be two people. The URL ownernship for the website is confirmed until 2018.

Jasleen is also concerned about the structure of the Github repo and what should be kept in public and in private. Arjun suggests that he brings a laptop to next meeting and we write down a basic guide of what should go where. Jasleen suggests that Github manager should be a role.

## Team Leader Recruitment
There is some discussion about whether fundraising is the same as team leader recruitment. Dan suggests that team leader recruitment requires a careful approach to identify and cultivate good team leads and projects and that spamming will not suffice. Furthermore he suggests that that role should begin as early as possible.

## Roles
- Team Leader Recruitment (Celia & Vienna)
- Fundraising (Jake & Dan)
  - Suggested to check out the BIG research day list of sponsors
  - Donations can be in kind or in cash (from tech companies, food vendors, etc)
  - It was also suggested to include travel awards under this (working with Jasleen and her contacts at SFU). Vienna mentioned that the Dean of Environmental Sciences at SFU may be a good contact.
- Technical Support (Lauren)
- Website (Jasleen & Laura)
- Social Media & Slack (Jasleen, Laura & Arjun)
- Github Managing (Jasleen suggests Celia but not assigned yet)
- Socials Organising (Jasleen & Lauren)
   - Discussion includes reaching out the SBN to cohost one of the socials for the event
- Food Runs (Arjun)
- Day of Set up (lead by Arjun, everyone pitches in)
- Git workshop (Jake & Jasleen)
  - Short discussion about whether to have workshops again during the hackathon. Instead it's suggested that if we run a social on the Thursday night (before the hackathon begins), then we could do a short session of Git using a shortened version of the Software Carpentry syllabus
- Participant Recruitment (Arjun)

## Dates
The three weekends in October are discussed as options. The last one is discarded as it is too close to Hallowe'en. The first choice is Oct 20th-22nd and second choice is 13th-15th.

## Scope
Dan states his hope to attract participants from Victoria and Seattle. Participant recruitment should therefore contact appropriate university programs to advertise the event. Ideally team leader recruitment can also find people from outside Vancouver.

## Diversity
Arjun agreed to have a think about measures to improve participant diversity. However this topic is to be brought up more fully at the next meeting.

## Next Meeting
Jake agrees to send out a Doodle for a few weeks. The plan is that each person work on a more detail plan for their specific role that can be discussed at the next meeting.

