# Hackseq Committee Meeting - 12th September 2017
Location: Smith Room, Genome Sciences Centre | Attending: Lauren, Dan, Jasleen | Regrets: Jake, Arjun

### Jake  
(Update from Github):  
- Confirmed AMS Student Initiative Fund ($500, claimable after the event? To Be Confirmed)  
- Confirmed Chipotle sponsorship for 1 lunch.  
- Community partners have been notified to send out alerts for participant recruitment.  

### Dan  
- No updates.  
- Poste meeting recollection by Jasleen: @dfornika any updates on the Google Cloud contact for sponsorship?  

### Jasleen  
- Jasleen contacted the AMS Student Services regarding sponsoring food, and they suggested she get in touch with the VP Administration. Jasleen and Dan will follow-up.  **TO DO**   
- The UBC Bioinformatics department would like to organize an outreach event for undergraduate women. This is a talks + networking social, and they are hoping to organize it in conjunction with HackSeq. We discussed potentially doing a joint kick-off on the evening of the 19th of October for this event, following our Github tutorial. Everyone present concurred it was a good idea. However, we won't be able to have an ancillary budget for it, so the bioinformatics department is expected to cover their expenses.  
- Jake and Jasleen got in touch with Steven Hallam for additional funding. He hasn't gotten back on a suitable time to meet yet. **TO DO**   
- Atrium booking is 100% confirmed.  

### Lauren  
- No word on the AWS application yet. Lauren will send a follow-up email.  **TO DO**  
- Met with Scott Baker at the GSC regarding Orca. They will be able to use 2 nodes, distributed between the 9 projects (4 projects on one, 5 on the other). Scott will need to know about the specific Docker images to be deployed, latest by the **Monday the week of the event**.  
- 1 team account per team, shared login, comes with preloaded docker images with the software required.  
- They will also have an on-call person over the weekend.  
	- Was this a separate expense last year? Lauren will check the budget. **TO DO**  

## Virtual participants  
- We currently have 44 participants, and 13 of these are virtual.  
- This is a good ratio, and if we want we can either do  
	- 1-2 projects entirely with virtual participants, or
	- 1-2 virtual particpants per project  
	- We will address this by initially sending out inquiry emails to team leads. If some of them are particularly enthusiastic about it, we can split the virtual participants accordingly.  
- Benefits of having virtual participants in a project were outlined (**should be conveyed to team leads**)
	- Bring in a wider audience, experts from outside BC, manage tasks that don't require in-person work.  
	- Lauren will send out inquiry emails gauging team lead interest in virtual participants. **TO DO**   
- We can continue using Slack for managing virtual participants, in that case.  
	- Lauren will look into creating/updating our Slack channel, and adding groups for the individual 2017 projects. **TO DO**  

## Participant assignment  
- As deadline is September 22, we will meet on **September 26, Tuesday** to assign participants and cover the distribution of virtual participants. These can be assigned as per their first priorities, and if a project is too busy, we will reassign based on the 2nd and 3rd priorities.  
- By then we will also have a better idea on the number of virtual participants, and how to split them (based on feedback from the team leads).  

## Contacting Food Stores  
- Jasleen will look into what is required for contacting store managers (do we just ask them for free food?). @jakelever, any thoughts appreciated.  
- Subsequently Jasleen will follow-up with Save On Foods at Cambie&Broadway, Dan with Safeway at City Square, Lauren with No Frills at UBC.  

## Socials for HackSeq  
- Oct 19: Collaboration with Bioinformatics Program (they will need to cover the expenses though, we don't have the budget).  
- Oct 20, 21 will be informal socials.  
- Oct 22nd: Closing social. Jasleen will look into where this can be organized, and the cost (maximum allocation of $300-400 at the moment). **TO DO**  
 
## Additional Discussion Items  
- We should have a Facebook event page. @abagehala should set this up. **TO DO**  
	- We also need to compare the number of people we have signed up, versus the requirements for the number required per project. Lauren will compare the counts as given by the team leads. **TO DO**   
- For the VanBUG shoutout, do we have a prepared slide we can put up @jakelever ? Dan or Lauren will be doing this, as Jasleen has a meeting elsewheres during that time.  
- CDL email followup: too late for this, the deadline was September 8th, plus it sounded like they were recruiting HackSeq as a project, not as a hackathon?   

** THE NEXT MEETING WILL BE ON SEPTEMBER 26, 2017 | TUESDAY **  
