# Hackseq Committee Meeting - 11th April 2017
Location: Smith Room, Genome Sciences Centre | Attending: Jake, Jasleen, Celia, Lauren & Arjun

### Jasleen's report on location
Worked with ECOSCOPE and has confirmed bookings for smaller rooms in LSI for 20th-22nd dates for Hackseq. Still waiting on confirmation for the East Atrium but it looks good. The room bookings were based on what was requested last year.

Jasleen noted that if the event has more than 70 attendees that UBC has extra costs for custodians. And if the event runs after 6pm there are extra costs for security. We plan to avoid these cases. Also, there will be a basic security cost as UBC requires security to manage entry/exit to the building during closed hours. Jasleen also investigated whether liquor could be served in the LSI location. While possible, the forms would complicate matters greatly and hence will probably be avoided.

Will Hsiao (from the CDC and VanBug) contacted Jasleen about the CCBC conference that is planned for Vancouver in ~June 2018. It was suggested to plan for hackseq 2018 for this conference. There was some discussion on whether a mini hackathon would be appropriate as the meeting is only a single day. There seemed to be agreement that this sounded like a good idea but should be planned later. Furthermore it was suggested to advertise this event to hackseq 2017 attendees either through emails or at the 2017 event.

### Celia's report on Team Leader Recruitment
She first discussed how team leader recruitment was performed in the previous year. There was some discussion on how far away we should attempt to recruit people. Jake noted that Dan and others had shown interest in getting leaders/participants from the Victoria and Seattle areas.

There was a short discussion about child care as a question on last year's form asked whether it would be needed. It was agreed to keep the question and Lauren volunteered to take the lead in investigating how it was done last year.

There was also the question of how many teams to aim for. It was noted that last year there were ten teams initially with two dropping out (and then one 10X team turning into two). Celia plans to contact the list of "interested" people from last year to see if the interest continues, including those from further afield.

Finally, there was discussion of when the team leader recruitment should end. We agreed to aim for the end of May and Celia plans to move quickly to put the team leader registration form on the hackseq website quickly.

### Jake's report on Fundraising
Jake reported on his and Dan's meeting to figure out fundraising strategy. Note that the minutes are in the private repo. He noted the great organisation of last year's organisers with the spreadsheet with list of sponsors. They plan to use a similar strategy to track the sponsor list. Jake showed last year's sponsorship package and discussed various small changes that are planned to be made. He noted that Dan has already started contacting organisations and that this will ramp up in the coming weeks.

At this point, Jake went and printed out the budget from last year's event. A short discussion followed on the various costs of the event and everyone's expectations on how this year's event will look different. One note was AWS's funding of a social and Jake said he would investigate. Someone noted that there was an AWS Github issue which may discuss this.

Jake also noted that the Gmail account has not been watched and that two people had signed up to be "Community Organisers". No-one knew exactly what "Community Organizer" actually meant and Jake volunteered to contact the two individuals and clarify how they would like to participate.

### Lauren's report on compute infrastructure
Lauren had talked with Shaun Jackman about the ORCA system which was used last year and Phil Richmond for contacts with Westgrid. She noted that several participants had issues with the ORCA system last year but that it had been expanded since last year. 

She outlined what would be involved in applying for AWS credits for the event and had confirmed the details of the request from last year (e.g. for # CPUs and storage info). The AWS credit system has an online form and the most appropriate deadline is June 30th which gives us time to get a better estimate of our compute needs.

She also talked with Jamie Rosner at WestGrid who seemed willing to work with hackseq and planned to talk to Scott Baker at the GSC.

### Particpant Recruitment
Arjun began a discussion on when participant recruitment should begin. Jake suggested that it should open as soon as leader recruitment closes so that we can focus advertising on one thing at a time.

### Remote Participants
Jake brought up the idea of remote participants which is discussed in the F1000 paper. Everyone was intrigued with whether it would work well. Jasleen noted that they had one remote participant on their team last year who worked very hard to stay engaged. Jake wondered whether it would be better to have one team that consists entirely of remote participants instead of distributing them across teams. Lauren brought up the idea of a remote team where they are all in the same location (but not in Vancouver). Jake noted that timezones may begin to limit things. It was agreed to return to this idea during a longer discussion on participant recruitment and that ideally team leaders should be present in Vancouver.

### Social Media
Arjun agreed to take the lead on social media and start tracking the Gmail account

### Next Meeting
Jake will schedule the next meeting, likely in the second week of May.
